SAMPLE ID: 48
QUESTION: What is the name of the ITC Agarbatti brand?
GROUND TRUTH: ['Mangaldeep']
----------------------------------------
ITC Limited
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2013

ITC’s Brands:
Powering Economic Growth

Great brands are not just about delighting the consumer, they are also about
powering national economic growth. Brands capture value for the nation in
numerous ways — creating intellectual capital, boosting R&D and innovation, and
creating large-scale livelinoods by empowering value chains, investing in physical
infrastructure and expanding markets.

Brands are the badge of a country’s competitiveness. Powerful domestic brands
compete effectively with international brands within the country and outside. They
create such a popular franchise that some nations are identified with the attributes of
great brands that they have produced.

TC is today proud to have created over 50 energetic and popular brands across
categories that delight nearly 140 million households. Within a relatively short
span of time, ITC has established vital brands with significant salience among
consumers like Aashirvaad, Sunfeast, Bingo!, Yippee!, Candyman, mint-o and
itchens of India in the Branded Foods space and Essenza Di Wills, Fiama Di
Wills, Vivel and Superia in the Personal Care products segment. In addition,
brands like Classmate and Paperkraft in Education & Stationery products; Wills
Lifestyle and John Players in the Lifestyle Apparel business; Mangaldeep in
Agarbattis as well as Aim in Matches have established significant market standing
and continue to delight consumers with superior offerings.

TC Hotels, with its credo of “Responsible Luxury”, stands apart not only for its
exquisite signature properties, cuisine and service excellence but also for being
he greenest luxury hotel chain in the world. ITC's hotels business also contributes
‘0 the country's tourism landscape and livelihood creation through its other high
quality offerings embodied in the WelcomHotels, Fortune and WelcomHeritage
brands. ITC’s hotels have pioneered the concept of branded cuisine in India with
globally acclaimed restaurants including Bukhara, Dum Pukht and Dakshin. ITC
has also set new benchmarks in wellness with its Kaya Kalp Spa brand that offers
a new dimension in luxury and an enriching experience.

